content/posts/fertility-rate/index.md, before:

---
title: "Fertility Rate"
date: 2023-12-10T16:43:28+01:00
# bookComments: false
# bookSearchExclude: false
---
![Fertility Rate](fertility-rate.png)

Fertility rate should be two in average for sustainable population.
It is math.
Lower fertility rate means kids are not useful.

When I subscribe to a product, it becomes more useful later. The system gets accelerated and the price approaches zero. It becomes more attractive. The same story is with kids but the price tag has a negative sign. Less they are used more useless it becomes in the next cycle so the price tag increases to approach zero. It becomes less attractive.

Negative price for kids comes from the utility of a kid measured in long term. Like an investment. But loosing one more subscription for kids also increases the marginal cost for the next kid as the entire system shrinks in size and the cost for the next kid also increases. So the price tag increases from a negative baseline to zero makes the investment less attractive for individuals.

The return of the next kid is on the whole system while it has to return to the individuals paying for it. This never happens if adding one more kid to the system means extending the life for the system which has driven to have less kids. It will keep being low and lower until a big global event return it back to normal. Perhaps a singularity changing everything else too.

No need to put numbers belong to the last fifty years to show this, those numbers are the output of this simple feedback loop.

Subscription is always about acceleration. Depending to the subscription type it gets accelerated either by subscription or unsubscription. But could it be one thing that accelerates in both directions? Nothing can be like this as forces will build up in opposite directions until fall it apart due to debt. Except for a natural singularity which is debtless since the beginning. So debt accelerates the system toward extinction at the same time paves the way for natural singularity. There is only 90 minutes left.

Commit message:

some more improvement on fertility rates.

content/posts/fertility-rate/index.md, after:

---
title: "Fertility Rate"
date: 2023-12-10T16:43:28+01:00
# bookComments: false
# bookSearchExclude: false
---
![Fertility Rate](fertility-rate.png)

Fertility rate should be apparently two or slightly more in average for sustainable population.
It is what math suggests.
Lower fertility rate means kids are not useful. What?

When I subscribe to a product, it becomes more useful later. The system gets accelerated and the price approaches zero. The product and the team behind it becomes more attractive. The same story is with kids but the price tag has a negative sign! Less they are used more useless it becomes in the next cycle so the price tag increases until it approach zero when kids are really a problem than a solution. It becomes less attractive for families.

Negative price for kids comes from the utility of a kid measured in long term. Like an investment. But loosing one more subscription for kids also increases the marginal cost for the next kid as the entire system shrinks in size and the cost for the next kid also increases on family level. So the price tag increases from a negative baseline to zero makes the investment less attractive. Basically the next kid faces with more issues.

The return of the next kid is on the whole system while the investment has to return to the individuals paying for it. How one can expect this happen if adding one more kid to the system means extending the life for a system which has driven to have less kids? Falling fertility rates from a large number to unsustainable levels over decades is a free fall. It will keep being low and lower until a big global event return it back to normal inside another system which has been normal since the beginning. Perhaps a singularity changing everything else too.

No need to put numbers belong to the last fifty years to show this, those numbers are the output of this simple feedback loop.

Subscription is always about acceleration. Depending to the subscription type it gets accelerated either by subscription or unsubscription. But could it be one thing that accelerates in both directions? Nothing can be like this as forces will build up in opposite directions until fall it apart due to debt. Except for a natural singularity which is debtless since the beginning. So debt accelerates the system toward extinction at the same time paves the way for natural singularity. There is only 90 minutes left.
