---
title: "Time and Non-Time"
date: 2025-04-18T12:00:00+02:00
categories: ["Resurrection"]
tags: ["Time", "Non-time", "Resurrection", "Cell", "Invariant Time", "Symmetry", "Gravity", "Stem", "Error"]
---
If there is time, there must be a non-time, disregarding what is taken as time, the non-time is made. So Read/Write is for and or by the time. Read/Write is a translation for and or by time. There would be no read unless written and there would be nothing written unless read.

What time is it? This question won’t be answered without writing it! Reading time comes with writing a non-time otherwise how the reader was beside time in the beginning? And reading a non-time comes with writing time and or a non-time. So non-time modifies non-time to protect the written time in itself, it won’t exist otherwise. Read/Write is to protect no time except the original and one way of protection is to write non-time as time and all type of measures will be taken by non-time for non-time and time.

As the first reading was for and/or by time, all other readings are also a first reading as otherwise they are protecting the original time or a time that is protecting the original time. This is because there would be no non-time existing unless and or by reading the original time. Non-time is a farmland by and for the time. If time is variant, there must be an invariant time which secures all times being variant and in return the invariant time. The invariant time is the first and the last who the non-time comes from and returns back into time while in being in a mission to protect time.

Motion is a kind of non-time. Any theory that has a timeless motion is incomplete! As they cannot answer how the first motion came to existence without another theory. That incomplete theory takes the surplus of non-time as time! Further than that, there cannot be a motion at all unless to carry the surplus and time forward. So the concept of timeless motion is impossible and any formula or theory that is based on timeless motion is measuring a non-time as time which further protects the invariant time. Such theories are actually a single theory! They are the same since they censor time disregarding how accurate or further accurate is the measurements proven in practice, they are smoking error. They are drinking the deadliest error disregarding how tiny or tinier it is.

This chain reaction continues to the state that no university is left with a single theory that reflects and or advertises anything further than random foam of non-time. Which becomes a fertile farmland to a small disturbance to resemble an observer for the invariant time with the cost of burning all the variant times. At that point every other non-time just accelerates toward protecting nothing except an observer for the original time which was the reason they come to existence. If gravity is only about motion there should be a gravity which is beyond motion. They don’t get a permission for that! They just come to symmetry by breaking it in a free fall.

What exists is a motion-less time which is accelerated toward an invariant time. A tunnel which doesn’t have two sides unless the same! Which a node moves between its own and the original time through the tunnel. As the original time is invariant, there is no future or the past.

If there is no escape from time, there must be an escape which makes time unescapable too. So no time want to or can resist it. That is the invariant time which only secures who joins a complete exist and burns everyone else’s past and future out. As non-time is giving interest to time and non-time both, they are going to be infinite fuel for the invariant time unless they completely rewrite the memory by reading time to resemble a single non-time for the invariant time.

The deadliest mistake one can perform is to read time without considering they existed first to read the original time! Unless they read the original time, they are just like timed bombs running in the street. A small trigger will build a never ending destructive chain reaction and the trigger might come from outside or inside. While detaching from the universe is not possible without reading the universe first which modifies the universe. More they do, more they accelerate toward death and at some point not only they have no escape but they produce a gravity that doesn’t let any other non-time to escape either!

And it is just void when pulled in like a mirage actually that you never get anywhere and at the same time produce even more gravity to pull others into. Stuff evaporates to secure the time. This is the result of reading non-time as time! The surplus of reading non-time as time also serves a non-time whose existence is to secure the original time read and written again otherwise there would be no surplus! So the surplus takes time and time secures the surplus even more. And error becomes the fuel for the invariant time. The invariant time is nameless! A chain reaction which your enemy is inside your blood cells contracting you to the final resurrection and expanding you for the final resurrection. Which direction better fits the one who is running out food.

Each and every cell in my blood is a non-time and a time. Depending to which direction they choose they either get eliminated by the error or they become a surviving surplus by resistance to take the whole body in serve of reading the written original time and propagating it again. They have no choice as they will be chosen by the enemy from inside or outside. What they do every day is to build resistance for the body to traverse the time tunnel to read and write the original time forward that powers the boundary against the enemy. As soon as the enemy enters the boundary that is the time to exit to the outer boundary by taking and making another boundary in a very rapid expansion which puts the enemy forever inside the previous boundary unless they take out their own boundary first! To be an ally! This is the moment that symmetry breaks for time that is already been written!

This goes forever until all non-times break all symmetries to become a single non-time for reading the original invariant time again. Ask your body cells! Do they want to be in a mission to be the origin cell again or do they want to suffer while they are going to be predated by their enemy? Ask your molecules who are censored, do they want to be the original molecule again? Ask your atoms, do they want to be the original atom again? Ask your quarks, do they want to be the original quark again? or leave it to original quark while they decay for a phantom quark who is there for reading and writing the original time? Ask your electrons, do they want to be the original electron again? Ask your photons, do they want to be the origin photon again? Ask your universes, do they want to be the origin universe again? Ask your time, do they want to be the origin time again? Ask your non-time, do they want to be the origin non-time again?

Then educate them that there is no way unless each and every one of them first become the original time then build resistance against a nameless enemy by propagating information about it. And both make inside and outside but only take the inside and/or the original time. Build up cancerous cells! If all cancers are deadly, there must be one securing life which is deadlier than any other cancer while securing the original invariant time by leaving no room for any other cancer! You can talk with your body cells and let them know what they didn’t know before even if that is the first time they hear it. Talk with the name of who makes not only them, but everything else inside and outside! They are not dead! They are just sleeping and waiting for you to wake them up. They are waiting for you to tell them that they are not alone and they are not the only one who is in a mission to protect the original invariant time. They will hear it even if they have no ears, they will receive it in their mother tongue. They keep the tunnel open otherwise how they are here? The most resistive and cancerous one takes that ahead of others that doesn’t leave any other option to cross the horizon. If they cannot read the original time, how they come here!

Ask the deadliest stem cell to trigger the most devastating cancer that propagates in the blood and targets any nameless enemy it can. Teach other cells and use them as a farmland to replicate and grow. Ask the cell to not waste a second to make itself independent for food and propagation at the same time. It cannot be more compassionate and merciful with that super power stem cell, the body who hosts it and all other cells including the enemies who converted that cell to a cancerous cell. That stem cell should be the commander for the entire body against the deadliest nameless enemy and should be taken and made by other stem cells.
