# Start up!

I use my mobile phone every day, I call and receive text with the family and
friends, some time order a pizza or ask taxi, read my emails in the elevator,
music while commuting. city bus and train which the information is also
available in maps but I buy tickets in there! I have card and it does not need
battery to work which could be used for payment. A parking app which perhaps I
could also use SMS version. And a car app which I can turn on and off heater
and send location to the car. And a few messengers which the friends and
families required me to install. An application or two which I am asked to
install as a replcament of email!, I was more happy with the email though since
I work with many others through email! A few other apps which I just removed it
upon writing this! It was not used for a year or so! How many airline apps do
we need?! I have a video player which is for kids, that is really useful for my
son which I can control him which content they receive. And some built in
stuff like contact, sms, reminder, maps, notes, files which I use a lot. And a
remote backup which let me feel I can retrive the information if the phone is
broken. Less than 10 apps which I would need it beside the built in apps.

And some apps which should be perhaps part of the phone functionality like a
document scanner and an 2FA authenticator app. There is a printer app which
perhaps should not be installed, why a printer brand should have an app on my
phone? Perhasp all the wallet and cash functionalities should be built into the
phone so I do not need to trust to many providers which I do not know who they
are and how they handle my private data. Perhaps I should remove my cards there
since I have my card in my wallet together with some cash. Or maybe use it as a
backup if my wallet is stolen. Two applications to authorize with banks and
government services which could perhaps could be one and would be easier that
they all accept a common protocol for authentication connected to my phone
secure wallet then I could remove those two as well. And Some apps which are
more a payment app which perhaps they could link to my card or such or totally
replaced by blockchain. Moving payment, tickets, authentication stuff to a
secure standard chip would remove a few more apps from my phone.

Except games, I see apps sort of essential extension of phone functionality
which is not that general which the phone company has not built that into the
phone. Like the ticket app which I use for parking and city train and bus.
Anyway apps just handle a communication which used to be over phone. Now the
person on the other side of the line is replaced with app which is good they
can spend time on something else. I don't have problem to call the Taxi company
and ask the person there though if they would like it so. I do not buy from
many restaurants, I just order pizza from a specific shop, that I can pay with
crypto if they want to and call and ask them to put it in their system if they
would like that also.

More or less the same thing with other kind of screens, I buy a from a company
and solve the problem with less time put in and less issue and errors
experienced. But the story is not like this when I want and can build
something.
