Bitcoin is 21M coins, so it is definitely scarce even more than how Gold and
Silver are. if Bitcoin is scarce, the sum of two scarce is also scarce. So a
basket of Gold and Silver and Bitcoin must be scarce. But the difference is
that scarecity of Bitcoin is proveable. Not only because it is contracted but
also since it does not need bank deposit to make transactions, so no bank can
lend the coin multiple times to make multiple owner for the same thing. So I
talk about Bitcoin.

21M coins is just a random number as the total market size of Bitcoin wouldn't
be different if it was any other number. A coin type which does not have a an
upper limit is maintained by those that want to change the protocol and
increase the supply rate later. If someone wants to disagree with this, they
need to choose Bitcoin. So I just put other cryptos aside and just look at
Bitcoin.

Satoshi is anyone which has adopted Bitcoin as the standard currency. Satoshi
asks Bitcoin in exchange of performing work. So anyone can be Satoshi. As
anything with demand has price, Bitcoin has a price higher than zero as long as
Satoshi works and keeps Bitcoin as standard more precisely as long as Satoshi
does not need to change to any other standard currency. For the same reason it
is not in benefit of Satoshi to totally stop working disregarding how much is
held in reserve. Unless satoshi wants to consume the coins by releasing it to
the market, the coin has always tendency to increase value as the supply is
always limited and decreased by time as Satoshi just collects it back by
performing work which increasingly presses the supply.

The value of Bitcoin is increasing due to shortage of supply and shortage of
those that need to convert from Bitcoin as standard to something else. This is
true even if no new adopter takes Bitcoin as standard or even if some leave it
by releasing the reserves into the market. Bitcoin's clock can move back in
time but does not stop ticking! As stopping time for Bitcoin is only possible
by taking it to zero by infinite supply of Bitcoin which is by design
impossible. Those hold Bitcoin as standard just aborb all that and the price
comes back to the same levels soon after which more stability as reserves are
in the hands of right people.

As the coin conversion rate depends on many factors, like how much Satoshi can
work, how much others are willing to pay to Satoshi, how much people accept
bitcoin as the standard and such, the rate which the coin converts to other
currencies has up and down. Each time it goes down, puts more coins in the
hands of Satoshi and makes everything more robust in the way back. More
investment into Satoshi's business so it can grow to generate more valuable
work which then generates more demand to Bitcoin which translates to higher
prices. Bitcoin up and downs just makes Satoshi stronger and transfers wealth
to the right person which is Satoshi, produces more valuable work, encourage
Satoshi to perform more work to make the circulating coins even more scarce.

Satoshi does not need to release coins as release is consumption. Satoshi does
not need to consume coins if that is not needed. In the eye of Satoshi, It is
only the need which drives consumption not wealth!

As we can see, the only factor determining how much coin Satoshi can earn is
time, efficiency and more work! The system works in a way which the exchange
rate of the coin increases in time over any other non scarce and scarce thing,
the way the coin is spent becomes more smart in time, efficiency of work gets
increased in time and innovation comes at highest demand to reduce the
consumption rate of the coins which makes things abandon for Satoshi and a hell
for non-satoshis which even makes it more attractive for others to adopt the
coin as the currency. But that is just a by product which probably speculators
are interested to.

All that comes from a property which is scarecity of the money and scarecity of
those that need to convert from Bitcoin as standard to something else. So
Satoshi has shown us a way to determine your own destiny, You can choose to be
Satoshi from anytime you want as soon as you adopt Bitcoin as standard.

"If Bitcoin is store of value, how the market size of Bitcoin can shrink in
size? Where is the value saved then?" All the values could be taken out if that
is structured or waited enough due to the fact that Satoshi performs infinite
amount of work and does not need to change from Bitcoin as standard currency to
another currency. Any fluctuations in Bitcoin price is in Benefit of Satoshi as
it either earns more which then time ticks faster for Satoshi or just makes
things even more robust and brings more saving into Satoshi's activities when
time starts to tick slower which help Satoshi to produce more valuable work.

Satoshi is in a fall into a singularity, it just reaches the singularity before
others observe that event. Higher input rate into Bitcoin slower time ticks for
Satoshi according to a distant observer as it goes closer to the stronger and
speeds up which time stops ticking without passing the horizon. Higher rate of
output from the singularity, time ticks faster for Satoshi as the singularity
shinks in size and leaves Satoshi away this pushes Satoshi back in time but
adds more mass to it which accelerates faster toward the singularity in return.
According to an observer Satoshi gains more mass and accelerates for ever
toward the singularity but all these does not change anything for Satoshi as he
has passed the event horizon way before all these happens. 

It is impossible to wipe out the singularity from outside even if all the coins
saved are injected in a day into the market, all that will be absorbed by
Satoshi and the price comes back to a level way higher than before shortly
after, this is because Satoshi does not need to consume coins unless needed so
the price could be anything similar to what it was before plus a premium!
Another way is to short Bitcoin with a derivative which sells lower than market
price which pushes savers to sell today and buy later. This requires infinite
amount of coins sold as any stop in selling pushes prices back to normal which
means the main dealer needs to buy back them later which no one else sells.
This pushes Bitcoin price from a number which is not zero to the moon even
higher than before when the main seller pivots.

The rule of being Satoshi is simple. Only accept Bitcoin to perform work and
consume what you need not what others say you need. Everything will be always
abondon for Satoshi to produce more valuable work and to grow.

Become Satoshi from now.
